# order-management-system

This scenario is meant to test your every capability in programming modern day applications. Specifically, we want you to build a little order management system that is in charge of tracking the life time of an order and managing its state transitions as well as exceptions. The result of your little scenario is then presented by you in person.
An order has 4 regular states: Created, Paid, In Fulfillment, and Closed. For an order to be created, it is triggered by a REST endpoint which accepts a basket of items of your choice. This creation process should ensure sane requirements for an order to be accepted. At this point you would usually redirect your user to the payment provider and accept a callback to a REST endpoint which confirms the order as paid (you only need to implement this confirmation). In the next step, your order is processed by a fulfillment provider which is sending the products to your customer. This provider shall be modeled as an actor in the system, producing random results (success or failure). After delivery, the order is closed and fulfillment result persisted in the order.
The whole application should be structured in the form of state machines. Every aspect of the application shall be 100% parallelizable, idempotent and tested. Rules to programming style apply as usual and documentation shall be down to a minimum. It should be possible to crash your application at any point in time and to continue processing after restart.
For this scenario we want you to step a little out of your comfort zone which is why we expect you to use some frameworks you probably have not heard of before. Your assignment should be completed using the Java Programming Language and you are very much allowed to use the latest version Java 9.0. Scala is also fine if you like, but it’s not required. Furthermore, the underlying framework for web interfaces and logical models of state machines and persistence is the Akka framework (http://www.akka.org). As your application is expected to withstand shutdowns, state management will be handled by a database of your choice that is compatible with Akka. We recommend building test cases based on our requirements and automate the whole build process as well as testing the application using Gradle (http://www.gradle.org).
Further remarks:
 Most important for us is to understand how you tackle complex problems. Therefore, please finish this challenge as far as possible under the given technological requirements. A correct and understandable partial implementation is more important than a complete one.
 The assignment will be presented in a live demo as part of the personal interview.
 As you will probably not have an internet connection in the presentation room, please make
sure the assignment works offline.
